[Data] [Docs] Doc updates (#36336)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/data/inspecting-data.rst

* `Describe datasets <#describing-datasets>`_
* `Inspect rows <#inspecting-rows>`_
* `Inspect batches <#inspecting-batches>`_

> * `Inspect Dataset runtime statistics <#inspecting-stats>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Inspect runtime statistics <#inspecting-stats>`_
```

Do we need "Dataset" here? "Inspect Dataset runtime statistics" is more verbose than the other bullet points

Author: updated

For more information on working with batches, see
:ref:`Transforming batches <transforming_batches>` and
:ref:`Iterating over batches <iterating-over-batches>`.

Inspecting runtime statistics
=============================

> Ray Data calculates statistics during execution like runtime and memory usage for the different stages. 

Reviewer: What is "runtime" in this context? Does it mean latency?

Author: updated to execution

Author: ok updated to wall clock time to make it more precise

> View debug stats for your Dataset executions via :meth:`Dataset.stats() <ray.data.Dataset.stats>` on an executed dataset. The stats are also persisted under `/tmp/ray/session_*/logs/ray-data.log`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view debug stats about your `:class:<~ray.data.dataset.Dataset>` executions, call :meth:`Dataset.stats() <ray.data.Dataset.stats>` on an executed dataset. The stats are also persisted under `/tmp/ray/session_*/logs/ray-data.log`.
```

<img width="203" alt="image" src="https://github.com/ray-project/ray/assets/26107013/9a4e27b6-f295-4e2f-9128-2bd6579cc7bd">

Style guide says don't use via.

This is the first reference to `Dataset` in this section, so let's cross-reference it?

> View debug stats for your Dataset executions via :meth:`Dataset.stats() <ray.data.Dataset.stats>` on an executed dataset. The stats are also persisted under `/tmp/ray/session_*/logs/ray-data.log`.

Reviewer: What does "Dataset executions" mean? Does it mean transformations and reads and writes?

Author: updated

.. testcode::
    import ray
    import time

    def pause(x):
        time.sleep(.0001)
        return x

>     ds = ray.data.read_csv("s3://anonymous@air-example-data/iris.csv")
>     ds = ds.map(lambda x: x)
>     ds = ds.map(pause)

Reviewer: For consistency with the other code snippets in the user guides, let's chain the method calls?

(Not sure if the syntax in the suggestion is totally correct)
```suggestion
    ds = (
        ray.data.read_csv("s3://anonymous@air-example-data/iris.csv")
        .map(lambda x: x)
        .map(pause)
    )
```
